Improve embedded.md: fix filename patterns for OG and Twitter images. (#2662)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/templates/embedded.md

images = ["post-cover.png"]
{{</ code-toggle >}}

> If `images` aren't specified in the page front-matter, then hugo searches for [image page resources](/content-management/image-processing/) with `*feature*`, `*cover*`, or `*thumbnail*` in their name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If [page bundles](/content-management/page-bundles/) are used and the `images` array is empty or undefined, images with file names matching `*feature*`, `*cover*`, or `*thumbnail*` are used for image metadata.
```
